hey guys chill a thriller here with the
unboxing of the sony HDR cx-5 50 v this
right here is one of Sony's latest new
models into their camcorder line
currently one of their top-of-the-line
options
and this right here is actually just
announced at CES 2010 along with their
xr5 50 V and really the only differences
between the CX and the XR is that the CX
uses a built-in solid-state memory with
64 gigabytes of internal flash storage
whereas with the XR that uses a actual
spinning hard drive now you should be
able to find this camera really on many
online websites as well as Best Buy and
other retail stores for a price of about
twelve hundred dollars so we can go
ahead and actually get into the box here
as you can see this camera does take 12
megapixels of stills and it features of
course 1080p recording and inside we
have the limited warranty as well as a
couple other booklets we have some
software here and the cx-5 50 v manual
and here we have the actual cx-5 50 V
itself I'm gonna take a closer look at
this and there you go now what's sort of
interesting about this model is that
Sony finally added SD card support to
their newer cameras because before you
can only use the memory stick Pro duo
variant and this one actually does take
both opening the screen up here we do
have a very very large 3.5 inch display
and there you go guys also in the box
here we have the charger along with the
brick for it
we have a included remote which is sort
of nice so you can control the camera
from a distance we have the battery here
and in here we have the mini USB cable
for your data transfer as well as some
component cables and standard AV cables
so you can actually output this to a TV
like one thing to note is that the
camera does also support of course full
HDMI output so you can output all of
your 1080p content so guys that's all
for the box I'm going to go ahead and
get the sony HDR CX 550 v all set up and
ready to go I'll also be posting a test
content video that that you guys can
check out as well as of course my full
review on this camcorder again though
guys thank you for watching if you
enjoyed this video then be sure to push
that subscribe button above as well as
thumbs up or liking this video as it
really does help me out if you want you
could also follow me on twitter at
twitter.com/randymckown nugs video i'll
catch you guys later
take care